Game script:

Hello, and welcome to the game space.

First, a word about the game controls.

You can interact with objects in the game using the left and right mouse buttons. 
Clicking the right mouse button at any time will bring up a menu within the game space. 
The menu buttons will appear as objects directly in front of you. You can find them by 
using what we'll call the "ray-probe." It might help you to imagine the ray-probe as 
something that you can send out directly ahead of you to touch distant objects.
In the case of the menu buttons, when the probe hits one, you will hear the function
of the button spoken out loud. You can then activate that menu item by clicking the 
left mouse button. A "continue" button has just appeared to your left. Please find it 
by turning your head to the left. When you hear the sound of the menu button, click the 
left mouse button to continue. [wait for click on "continue"]

Thank you. If at any point you wish to pause or exit the game, press the right mouse button,
find the appropriate menu button, and then activate it by clicking the left mouse button. 
In a moment, you will be presented with three menu buttons. Please locate each of them using 
the ray-probe, and then choose one. If you'd like to hear these instructions again, 
choose "repeat instructions." If you are ready to begin the game, choose "enter game." 
If you want to exit at this time, choose "exit," or remove the headphones. Here are the menu buttons:

[menu: repeat instructions, enter game, exit]

You have now been placed within the game space. You should try to imagine it as a flat, 
open space -- something like an empty parking lot. Within this space are several large objects, 
each about the size of a small house. Before the game begins, you should get to know this space. 
You can find the objects by turning your head and body from side to side to scan the space using
the ray-probe. If the ray hits one of the objects, it will send back a sound from that location. 
The sound will be loud if the object is close, and quiet if the object is far away. Please take a 
moment to scan the space to find all the objects. [instructions will pause while objects are located] 
Now that you have found all the objects, please describe their location in space as fully as you can. 
When you are finished with your description, click the right mouse button to bring up the menu, and 
choose from the choices offered.

[menu: repeat instructions, next, exit]

Now that you have a general idea of where all the game objects are located, we can begin the game itself. 
Once the game starts, one of the objects will begin emitting a sound. You should be able to locate the 
object by turning your head and body to face the sound. When you think you are facing the object that is 
emitting the sound, you can "shoot" it by clicking the left mouse button. If you hit the object, you will 
hear a bell [play sound], and will immediately pass to the next round. A different object will start 
emitting a sound, and you will have to find that object. If you miss, you will hear a low squawk [play sound]. 
If that happens, you should try to adjust your position so that you are facing the object more directly. 
If you miss again, you will lose that round, and pass to the next one. A different object will start 
emitting a sound, and you will have to find that object. The game will continue in this way through a total 
of twelve rounds. When all rounds have been completed you will be told to remove your headphones. 
If you wish to stop playing at any time, please call up the menu and exit the game, or simply remove 
the headphones. Here are the menu buttons:

[menu: repeat instructions, start game, exit]

[end of game]

Thanks for playing. Please remove the headphones.

